---
title: 'Freedom, Caribbean Vibes, and Tradition: Our Custom Puerto Viejo Haggadah'
permalink: haggadah
date: 2026-04-01T09:00:00
description: 'A sneak peek into the special Haggadah we created at the BINA House in Puerto Viejo: A heartwarming connection between ancient tradition and our local Caribbean community spirit. Download your copy in English or Hebrew and add some "Pura Vida" to your Seder table, wherever you are in the world.'
image: /images/Gemini_Generated_Image_jph2d3jph2d3jph2.jpg
author: Dor Posner
---

This Passover feels a little different. Between the rhythmic sound of the Caribbean waves and the lush green of the jungle, we found ourselves thinking about how to connect the ancient story of the Exodus to the special place we are in right now – here, at the BINA House in Puerto Viejo.

We felt that a standard Haggadah wasn't enough. We wanted something that speaks the language of this place, blending our community spirit in Costa Rica with the traditions passed down through generations. So, we sat down, wrote, edited, and designed a custom edition – the "Puerto Viejo Haggadah."

This Haggadah was created with a lot of thought for travelers, families, and the unique bond formed here between people. It includes the entire traditional Seder but with a fresh spirit that fits a Passover celebrated far from home, yet very close to the heart.

We invite you to download the Haggadah, save it on your phone, print it, or simply use it during your Seder – whether you are joining us here in Puerto Viejo or celebrating anywhere else in the world.

**Download the version of your choice:**

👉[**Download the Haggadah in English (Click here)**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oZA_4cPPcSfKk71GI1hsdum11loKc5eE/view?usp=drive_link)

👉[**להורדת ההגדה בעברית (לחצו כאן)**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cmA3YSrdwW3HEGftxwWh88AmJny3mP7C/view?usp=drive_link)

We wish you all a Happy Passover, full of true freedom, exciting encounters, and plenty of "Pura Vida"!

Can’t wait to see you at the Seder table, **The Posner Family, BINA Puerto Viejo**
